            Before the Project – First Explanations (Step A & B)
Step A - Project Problem Definiton: As it is known, the world has been dealing with 
the pandemic and the problems and consequences caused by the pandemic for more 
than a year. Many areas, sectors and occupations have been caught unprepared for 
this situation and they have suffered unforeseen losses. Despite this, some sectors 
have grown rapidly with the help of pandemic conditions, while others have faced 
serious problems. In this sense, one of the sectors that has suffered huge losses is the 
tourism sector. Due to the geography of the country in which we live, it has a very 
important place in the tourism sector worldwide. To understand this situation clearly, 
I will say that we live in two major cities such as Istanbul and Antalya, that’s why we 
can see the negative effects of the pandemic very seriously. Due to the uncertainties 
in the provinces in which we are located, tourism has largely come to a standstill, and 
many institutions and organizations operating in this area are taking economic 
damage. As tourism, which is one of the largest sources of foreign exchange and 
income for our country, has been disrupted due to the pandemic, we have suffered 
great losses in economic terms both as the state and as citizens. Especially in tourism
oriented provinces such as Antalya, buesinesses are experiencing difficult times. For 
this reason, different solutions are being sought to overcome this situation with 
minimal damage.
Step B – Extra Details: First of all, since the tourism sector is a very large area, we 
will mostly investigate its impact on Turkey. The data we will need here will mostly be 
divided into pre-pandemic and post-pandemic. We will need data such as the number 
of people visiting our country, visiting periods, the amount of income from tourism, 
the number of businesses operating in the tourism sector, unemployment rates in the 
tourism sector, etc. We will carry out our project through these data.
 Most of the data that we will receive will be obtained from statistical institutions 
operating in Turkey. We will be providing additional data from other research and 
news sources. 
 One of the challenges we will face here is that the pandemic is a new situation and 
there is not enough data and studies due to the fact that it is still effectively ongoing. 
Many studies are currently underway. For these reasons, we may have limited data 
or datasets. 
 According to our initial research, we can collect enough information. The several 
websites of the relevant institutions and the research provided us with a sufficient 
number of files and data. The amount of data and files that we will use will increase 
according to the progress of the project and according to our research. Net amounts
of documents, datasets or files will be determined in later stages.
